.\"
.\" fifo_pop.3
.\"
.\" Manpage for fifo_pop of Undefined-C library
.\"
.\" By: Juillard Jean-Baptiste (jbjuillard@gmail.com)
.\"
.\" Created: 2017/03/15 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\" Updated: 2018/03/12 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\"
.\" This file is a part free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" There is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file LICENSE.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
.\"

.TH FIFO_POP 3 "03/16/2017" "Version 0.0" "Manuel du programmeur Undefined-C"

.SH NAME
fifo_pop \- Retire l'element se trouvant en tete d'une structure FIFO

.SH SYNOPSYS
.B #include <stdlst.h>

.BI "void	*fifo_pop(fifo_t " **que );

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fifo_pop
.RB "libere, avec " free "(3), le premier element en tete de"
.RI "file " que " (e.i.: le premier ajoute) et  retourne sa valleur cle."
.IR que " doit etre un argument valide tel que decrit dans la section "
.BR NOTES .
.BR errno "(3) est toujours modifier par " fifo_pop " tel que decrit dans"
.RB "la section " ERREURS .

.SH VALEUR DE RETOUR
.B fifo_pop
.RI "retourne un pointeur sur la valeur cle qui etait contenut dans le premier"
.RI "element en tete de la file " que " avant sa liberation."
.RB "En cas d'erreur, " NULL " est retourner et " errno "(3) est definit."

.SH ERREURS
.TP
.B 0
.RB "L'operation s'est termine sans erreur, " errno "(3) est mis a " 0 .
.TP
.B EINVAL
.RB "Si la fonction a ete appele avec au moins un argument invalide, " errno (3)
.RB "est mis a " EINVAL .

.SH NOTES
.RI "- " que " doit etre different de"
.RB (( fifo_t " **)( " NULL )),
.RI " notez que " *que
.RB "= ((" fifo_t " *)( " NULL )),
.R est valide et designe une file vide.

.SH BUGS
.R Aucun bug signale.

.SH EXEMPLES
.RB "Voir " fifo_push (3).

.SH AUTEUR
.R Juillard Jean-Baptiste

.SH VOIR AUSSI
.BR fifo_push "(3), " fifo_purge "(3), " fifo_map "(3),"
.BR stdlst "(3), " sclst "(3), " mfifo (3)
