.\"
.\" lifo_map.3
.\"
.\" Manpage for lifo_map of Undefined-C library
.\"
.\" By: Juillard Jean-Baptiste (jbjuillard@gmail.com)
.\"
.\" Created: 2017/03/09 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\" Updated: 2018/03/12 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\"
.\" This file is a part free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" There is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file LICENSE.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
.\"

.TH LIFO_MAP 3 "03/16/2017" "Version 0.0" "Manuel du programmeur Undefined-C"

.SH NAME
lifo_map \- Mappage de structure LIFO

.SH SYNOPSYS
.B #include <stdlst.h>

.BI "mlifo_t	*lifo_map(lifo_t " **stk );

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lifo_map
.RI "retourne un mappage de la pile " stk ". " stk " doit etre un argument"
.RB "valide tel que decrit dans la section " NOTES .
.RB "Dans tous les cas, " errno "(3) est modifier par " lifo_map " de la"
.RB "maniere decrite dans la section " NOTES .

.SH VALEUR DE RETOUR
.B lifo_map
.RI "retourne un pointeur sur le mappage de la pile " stk .

.SH ERREURS
.TP
.B 0
.RB "L'operation s'est termine sans erreur, " errno "(3) est mis a " 0 .
.TP
.B EINVAL
.RB "Si la fonction a ete appele avec au moins un argument invalide, " errno (3)
.RB "est mis a " EINVAL .
.TP
.B ENOMEM
.RB "Si une erreur d'allocation survient lors d'un appel a " malloc "(3),"
.BR errno "(3) devrait etre mis a " ENOMEM " par " malloc (3).

.SH NOTES
.RI "- " stk " doit etre different de"
.RB (( lifo_t " **)(" NULL )),
.RI "notez que " *stk
.RB "= ((" lifo_t " *)(" NULL ))
.R est valide et designe une pile vide.

.SH BUGS
.R Aucun bug signale.

.SH EXEMPLES


.SH AUTEUR
.R Juillard Jean-Baptiste

.SH VOIR AUSSI
.BR lifo_push "(3), " lifo_pop "(3), " lifo_purge "(3),"
.BR stdlst "(3), " mlifo "(3), " slst (3)
