.\"
.\" slst2fifo.3
.\"
.\" Manpage for slst2fifo of Undefined-C library
.\"
.\" By: Juillard Jean-Baptiste (jbjuillard@gmail.com)
.\"
.\" Created: 2017/03/16 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\" Updated: 2018/03/12 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\"
.\" This file is a part free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" There is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file LICENSE.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
.\"

.TH SLST2FIFO 3 "03/16/17" "Version 0.0" "Manuel du programmeur Undefined-C"

.SH NAME
.B slst2fifo
.RB "	- Transforme une liste de type " slst_t "(3) en structure FIFO de"
.RB "type " fifo_t (3).

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <stdlst.h>

.BI "fifo_t	*slst2fifo(slst_t " **lst );

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B slst2fifo
.RI "transforme la liste " lst " en structure FIFO. Apres l'appel"
.RB "a " slst2fifo " et si aucune erreur ne se produit,"
.I *lst
.RB "vaut "NULL .
.IR lst " doit etre un argument valide tel qu'il est decrit dans la"
.RB "section " NOTES .
.RB "Dans tous les cas, " errno " est modifier par " slst2fifo
.RB "tel que decrit dans la section " ERREURS .

.SH VALEUR DE RETOUR
.B slst2fifo
.RB "retourne un pointeur sur la structure FIFO ou " NULL " en cas d'erreur."

.SH ERREURS
.TP
.B 0
.RB "Aucune erreur ne s'est prouite, " errno "(3) est mis a " 0 .
.TP
.B EINVAL
.RB "Si la fonction a ete appele avec au moins un argument invalide, " errno (3)
.RB "est mis a " EINVAL .

.SH NOTES
.RI "- " lst " doit etre different de"
.RB (( slst_t " **)(" NULL )),
.RI "notez que " *lst
.RB "= ((" slst_t " *)(" NULL ))
.R est valide et designe une liste vide.

.SH EXEMPLES

.SH AUTEUR
Juillard Jean-Baptiste

.SH VOIR AUSSI
.BR stdlst "(3), " slst2sclst "(3), " slst2lifo "(3), " slst_t "(3), " fifo_t (3)
