.\"
.\" stdlst.3
.\"
.\" Manpage for stdlst of Undefined-C library
.\"
.\" By: Juillard Jean-Baptiste (jbjuillard@gmail.com)
.\"
.\" Created: 2017/03/08 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\" Updated: 2018/03/12 by Juillard Jean-Baptiste
.\"
.\" This file is a part free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" There is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file LICENSE.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
.\"

.TH STDLST 3 "03/08/2017" "Version 0.0" "Manuel du programmeur Undefined-C"

.SH NAME
stdlst \- Sous-ensemble des listes chainees.

.SH SYNOPSYS
.TP
.I Include
.B #include <stdlst.h>
.TP
.I Type

slst_t						\- Listes non-ordonees lineaires simplement chainees.
.br
mslst_t						\- Mappage de listes non-ordonees lineaires simplement chainees.
.br
lifo_t						\- Structure LIFO (Last In First Out).
.br
mlifo_t						\- Mappage de structure LIFO (Last In First Out).
.br
sslst_t						\- Listes ordonees lineaires simplement chainees.
.br
msslst_t						\- Mappage de listes ordonees lineaires simplement chainees.
.br
sclst_t						\- Listes non-ordonees circullaires simplement chainees.
.br
msclst_t						\- Mappage de listes non-ordonees circullaires simplement chainees.
.br
fifo_t						\- Structure FIFO (First In First Out).
.br
mfifo_t						\- Mappage de structure FIFO (First In First Out).
.br
scslst_t						\- Listes ordonees circullaires simplement chainees.
.br
mscslst_t						\- Mappage de listes ordonees circullaires simplement chainees.
.br


.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
.B Conparaison de complexitees en moyenne en fonction des types:

.B							slst_t		lifo_t		sslst_t		sclst_t		fifo_t		scslst_t
.br
.BR "ajout simple" "				O(2)			O(2)			O(N+2)		O(3)			O(3)			O(N)"
.br
.BR "retrait simple" "				O(2)			O(2)			O(2)			O(3)			O(3)			O(3)"
.br
.BR "copie simple" "				O(N+2)		O(N+2)		O(N+2)		O(N)			O(N)			O(N)"
.br
.BR "concatenation simple" "		O(N+1)		O(N+1)		O(2N)		O(3)			O(3)			O(2N)"
.br

.SH NOTES

.SH EXEMPLES

.SH AUTEUR
.R "Juillard Jean-Baptiste"

.SH VOIR AUSSI
